a lot of the violin parts on on paper
walls are something that I felt like
I've had you know for a long time I
didn't really know how how to find the
right place to put them you know with
help from from Ryan I think I said in
the studio one time was violin by
committee and it's just really finding a
way to still fit the violin you know
within the rock type setting more or
less it was just really focused and it
was something that that I really enjoyed
learning from Neal Avron and Ryan and
we're really could fit the violin the
best within the song was really exciting
for me to kind of I guess unleash I feel
like I really kind of never had that
opportunity before and and there's a lot
of you know Sean Mackin you know on this
song and on this augment on this song in
the past it was a little bit more of a
brief glimpse and I definitely think
that that you'll hear you know the
moments where I get to shine that was
really exciting for me so I'm here in my
living room right now this is kind of
where I like to work this is my little
none of the office space and I'm paper
everywhere and have all my old
arrangements from other songs and other
fans and but mostly yellow card stuff
not to cheat but just to kind of look
over stuff
listen to stuff so I don't you know
write the same thing over again this is
where I work great and right in my
living room recording shadows and
regrets I remember writing that song and
it was completely wide open and I was
like really frustrated because I felt
like something was missing from that
song and I kind of stayed up all night
the night before we were gonna record
that song with the strings and I was I
was like something's missing this just
doesn't feel right and I threw together
a very lackluster arrangement and then
went to a guitar part on there and then
some backup vocals and then you know I
made some tweaks to that arrangement and
the final product was something
completely light-years away then where
the song was the night before and I
think that just watching that song in
particular grow from a song that I
didn't really like as much and throwing
it way forward in in the pack in the
tracklist and for me it was definitely a
highlight because hearing that
arrangement and being really proud of
where that song ended up and knowing
that I didn't enjoy that song as much as
the other songs before I think
definitely was a highlight for me